Welcome back.
We now understand how to build very simple dashboards by inserting a plotless graph object into our
actual Dasch application.
But I want to now take a little bit of time through a series of lectures to discuss dashboard components
in a little more detail so recall that dash components are provided by two main libraries.
And that is that HVM l components and dash core components dash age HTML components.
We usually abbreviate to h tim L and those HTL components.
They're describing the layout of the page including placement and alignment of different graphs.
And you can apply CSI stylings to those h components.
The dash core components those are really meant to describe the individual graphs themselves.
So remember we can just call DCC that graph and then insert what we already know about plot Li into
that core component.
So what I want to do now is take a few lectures to quickly dive into a bit more detail about these component
types.
That way we feel really familiar of them when we go on to talk about more advanced topics like callbacks
and interactions.
So in the next series of lectures we can have a lecture on HCM all components dash core components and
then a very brief lecture on how to provide markdown syntax and a dash dashboard.
OK let's get started.
We'll see you at the next lecture.